Specify Dockerfile section in Dev Environments (#13973)
docker/docker.github.io: desktop/dev-environments.md

In our example, the Docker Compose files are the same. However, they could be different and the services defined in the main Compose file may use other targets to build or directly reference other images.

## Specify a Dockerfile 

> In this preview, Dev Environments support a simple YAML file which allows you to specify a Dockerfile to define your Dev Environment. You must include this as part of the `.docker` folder and then add it as a `config.json` file. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this preview, Dev Environments support a simple JSON file which allows you to specify a Dockerfile to define your Dev Environment. You must include this as part of the `.docker` folder and then add it as a `config.json` file. For example:
```

Reviewer 2: Nothing is simple 
```suggestion
In this preview, Dev Environments support a YAML file which allows you to specify a Dockerfile to define your Dev Environment. You must include this as part of the `.docker` folder and then add it as a `config.json` file. For example:
```

> In this preview, Dev Environments support a simple JSON file which allows you to specify a Dockerfile to define your Dev Environment. You must include this as part of the `.docker` folder and then add it as a `config.json` file. For example:

Author: ```suggestion
In this preview, Dev Environments support a JSON file which allows you to specify a Dockerfile to define your Dev Environment. You must include this as part of the `.docker` folder and then add it as a `config.json` file. For example:
```

> ```jsx

Reviewer 3: s/jsx/json/ ? (not sure if rouge  understands jsx)

Reviewer 2: Looks like we already used `jsx` in the [base image example](https://github.com/docker/docker.github.io/pull/13973/files#diff-1c418e0ee39feb65f4c22b9a4dca3b1d4723f00e3140a26cf909c0effebc3815R260)

{
    "dockerfile": "Dockerfile.devenv"
}
```

## Specify a base image

> In the case that you already have a image built, you can specify it as a base image to define your Dev Environment. You must include this as part of the `.docker` folder and then add it as a `config.json` file. For example, to use the Jekyll base image, add:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you already have an image built, you can specify it as a base image to define your Dev Environment. You must include this as part of the `.docker` folder and then add it as a `config.json` file. For example, to use the Jekyll base image, add:
```
